[Music]
just throw the sheets in the laundry hon
why are you dressed like Ellen DeGeneres
I'm gonna do today stay calm
you're gonna nail it so why do you want
to go to Georgetown my mom and dad they
met there there goes Georgetown focus on
one thing you can still get it to Angela
she cheered my Dolan stuttered your
[ __ ] inspired the King's Speech it's
very funny made to test up she's getting
a mammogram it's just a mammogram just
throw the sheets in the lobby a board
has I'm finish early I wake up back in
my room then my mom comes in to find a
massive wet spot do you believe me only
the part about you waking up at a
massive wet spot every morning I'm
having deja vu or a psychotic episode I
really need your help because I'm
falling hard it was really hoping you in
Kairos times what
I wake up light it's the [ __ ] then I
have an orgasm come on
and then I lived the same day all over
again having sex is nothing you should
take lightly I know that I've had like
seven orgasms so far today holy [ __ ]
I'm gonna do my own laundry from now on
I can't believe this is my [ __ ] boy I
just woke up this morning and I feel
like I can do anything talking about
living a life without repercussions the
very firm Stanley
not this time
I really like Gabrielle let's go get
that [ __ ] girl
he's whacking
[Music]
do you really think that I would have a
threesome with the two of you
he hasn't paid day probably just needed
to relieve some tension that was a lot
of tension when I was that age I could
fill up buckets sweetie
you can still fill a bucket